Add release notes (#1784)
filecoin-project/rust-fil-proofs: RELEASE.md

# Release notes

> Steps to cut a release:

Author: I'll add some notes there, but merge ordering and branch targets are entirely up to the new maintainers.

> 1) Update the CHANGELOG.md file

Author: Yes, trackings PRs and/or the commits if needed.

2) Copy Cargo.lock file to releases directory with appropriate version name
3) Run `cargo release` with the appropriate options

> ## Pre-release testing

Author: Which, the testing or the release?  I wouldn't automate the release, but someone with hardware can easily throw those tests into a bash file and run them while outputting some kind of logging.

> ## Pre-release testing

Author: Great exercise for the new maintainers :+1:  I have tried that myself, but found it easier to track each run manually since it's not a set and forget operation and it's worth paying attention to what it's doing and seeing if things are going off course (at least after larger changes).

> ## Pre-release testing

Reviewer: I agree there is some good opportunities for new maintainers, but I'm also being realistic about FilOz as interim maintainers here.  This isn't an area we're really staffed to do much investment in current and I want to minimize the steps for doing the maintenance.  Making it "one click" to run a set of tests lowers the barrier to entry for at least ensuring the status quo is maintained.  

To make sure I'm understanding the situation, I'm assuming the tests listed in the release process here are not usually run as part of CI.  I assume they require even larger self-hosted runners than what normal "proofs" CI jobs need.  Have these tests always/only ever been run on maintainer machines rather than in a "hosted" environment?

Again, for interim maintainers who aren't used to running these large test suites it would be really nice to have a way to kickoff the tests on the right provisioned cloud hardware since this isn't a workflow we normally do.  The IPDX self-hosted runners should enable us to choose a beefy AWS instance type and then make a manual github workflow possible.

# Release notes

Steps to cut a release:

1) Update the CHANGELOG.md file

> 2) Copy Cargo.lock file to releases directory with appropriate version name

Author: Convention.  Please update any process as you see fit.  We didn't have git tracking the autogenerated Cargo.lock file, as that makes rebases awful (like how it's done in `filecoin-ffi`).

> 2) Copy Cargo.lock file to releases directory with appropriate version name

Reviewer 2: Also back then it was Rust best-practices to *not* have lock files for libraries (which `rust-fil-proofs` is). Though we then found out that it really makes sense to have lock files at least for releases, so that seemed like a good middle ground. In the meantime the best-practices have changed, so I guess future maintainers might just keep the lockfile version controlled.

> 3) Run `cargo release` with the appropriate options

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3) Run `cargo release <level> [--execute]` (replace `<level>` with `major`, `minor`, or `patch`; by default, this is a dry run, add `--execute` to perform the release. If you omit options, cargo release will prompt you interactively.)
```

2) Copy Cargo.lock file to releases directory with appropriate version name
3) Run `cargo release` with the appropriate options

Specifics on how @cryptonemo used to do releases (modify as needed):

- PR all functionality intended for the release
- Do pre-release testing
  - In particular when running the 'big-tests' outlined below, keep an eye on the runtime and RAM usage for any unexpected behaviour

>   - Miners tend to be optimized for the RAM usage required today, so even a 10% increase may cause crashes

Author: > How do new maintainers know what a 10% increase is?

Run the tests and measure.  Run them with the changes and measure again.  I'm not being snarky, but these tests are large and unwieldy and I hadn't been able to find reliable automation for them.  I trust someone else will.

> Here again seems like a case where having these tests running in a github action workflow (manually invoked) could be useful as this is a stat that could be outputted as part of the logging and one could go back and compare to previous runs.

Sounds good.

>   - Miners tend to be optimized for the RAM usage required today, so even a 10% increase may cause crashes

Reviewer 3: @cryptonemo do the large tests require a large amount of RAM? IIRC I think I having trouble when running the niporep tests even on my large box with 192GiB of RAM. So do these need to get run on a beefier box? Or am I misremembering. I just don't know the scale here.
